with the game again major course of metabolism or did you get on your na
last week the driver in which he says he has detected new faults
during the construction of the tunnel the document poses risks to
all the tunnels down
civil engineer who says he will have 30 years in the service of the
metropolitan of lisboa the author of the report that teaches jrm carvalho dos
saints
information and the republic that was applied fishing river instead of the
structure of the tunnel of the terreiro of the pavement built for the
passing of competitors supported on photographs ensures that it is more than
confirmed that the material of the lower layer of the tunnel leaves is that the
falls expected haenao in the project would be porous concrete
and adds that it has reliable information that all sections of the
contact with the borrower neri lisboa
were heard in the identical manner or twist the low-hissing and
santa apolónia and also to the southeastern pier will be under the same conditions
concluded that the users of the low-lying line between the dock and the
may be taking risks
in the document submitted to the parliamentary committee for public works
transport and communications, the engineer explains that he has
because if you have is from the theory of a bottle of diving in
Wicca that a possible entry of water from
reuse of thalidomide from total gravel to
multiplying energy capable of damaging your anger wherever we go
by the subway ajax
in the words of the civil engineer if theory is confirmed all sections
below the level of the stretch, such works route a hydraulic system ready to
at any time in the event of cracks in
back water entrance
This risk is what floods with the safety of shifts
coach mourns race
that after several months of insistence there were no
probes give mutual knowledge suez by action nor in the section until santa
apolonia
brought by that the jn by the valley of the saints did arrive the document to the
Assembly of the Republic
contacted by sic the engineer of the subway confirmed the delivery of the
dossier but declined to comment on the land